The below update will be tested first in the click-to-save-test.html mmodifying our other dev scripts. I am trying to template the correct forms. 

saved_locations table - modify the table with the following column names: type : other instructions

id: (integer) row number not available or shown to user, cannot be modified other than a deletion of the row.
name: (text) — this field should always default to parsed “street + city” values from google data (ie; Dekalb Atlanta). Save/Edit forms must allow this value to be change by the users input. - required to save - text must be validated to prevent injection attacks/ security
lat: 33.719678648721846 (number) populated from google data - cannot be updated
lng: -84.49871229917935 (number) populated from google data - cannot be updated
formatted_address: "3375 Laren Ln SW, Atlanta, GA 30311, USA" (string) - populated from google data - cannot be updated directly ONLY through parsed google fields [number, street, city, state, zipcode]
production_notes: (text) - text must be validated to prevent injection attacks/ security, max 200 char
type: [broll, interview, live anchor, live reporter, stakeout] (string) dropdown menu - required for save
entry_point:[front door, backdoor, garage, parking lot] (string) dropdown menu - no direct user input
parking:[street, driveway, garage] (string) dropdown menu - no direct user input
access: [ramp, stairs only, doorway, garage] (string) dropdown menu - no direct user input
street: "Laren Lane Southwest" (string) - populated from google data - user can update prior to save - needs validated
number: "3375" (string) -populated from google data -  user can update prior to save - needs validated
city: "Atlanta" (string) - taken from google data -  user can update prior to save - needs validated
state: "GA" (string) - taken from google data -  user can update prior to save -  needs validated - 2 charecter max. 
zipcode: "30311" (string) - taken from google data  - user can update prior to save - 5 charecters max (no extensions)
created_by: integer (this is the user_id of the current user id, user cannot see or modify
created_date: (date time) populated from current UTC time - user cannot modify - this is added when the row is created never modified after.

updated_date: (date time)  populated from current UTC time - initial value when the row is inserted, then may be updated with current UTC time after. 
place_id: (string) populated from google data - user cannot modify - user cannot see.

update function that write the inital row to the saved_locations table to handle all these data columns - we will change what data is processed later.

functions that update/insert/ or read data: 
For the "save locations form" all of the above data must processed and saved one time.

For any function that modifies a saved location row ie "edit location form" all this data should be shown to the user with the same restrictions as the save location form, allowing the user to update the information. 



